Hi, my name is Eric Kucks. I've been doing a lot of reading about permaculture lately and have been deeply moved by permaculture practitioner Sepp Holzer's vision and practical wisdom for creating healthy ecosystems that provide a place for humans as well as a diverse set of plants and animals. I'm concerned about the anonymous, global, corporate monoculture that prioritizes profits over health and can easily sidestep local accountability. It also seems that we're losing important skills in favor of short sighted technologies and those who suffer the most are the vast number of people living in poverty.

Currently I'm a software engineer, but I want to start transitioning into permaculture practice and education. My wife, Melody, and I have been increasingly interested in where our food comes from after struggling with gut related issues, and we've been thinking for a while of getting more land to start growing more of our own food for ourselves and our five year old son. We currently have a backyard garden and are taking a food forest PDC.

I don't have an agricultural or construction background, but my time as a software engineer has taught me the importance of learning how to learn. I might not be able to hit the ground running as a full time farm manager, but I could complement whoever you partner with. I could continue working as a software engineer remotely and start transitioning to part time. Instead of needing an income from the land right away, I'd be able to devote time and money to projects on the farm in exchange for the access to land and the opportunity to learn. Some of the things I'd be interested in learning are construction of a network of water retention areas, food forests, hegelkultur raised beds, aquaculture, bees, rotationally grazed cattle, using pigs as tillers, and underground house construction.

Longer term, my wife and I would like to start a montessori style school on a permaculture site that emphasizes permaculture and music (we're both musicians and my wife teaches piano). I'd also be interested in helping with programs that make land and training available to poor people so they can become less dependent on our broken food and drug system and learn that farming doesn't have to be the low skill, low self esteem job that industrial agriculture has transmogrified it into.

Thanks for considering me and I hope we can work together in the future to practice and teach these essential skills. I can be reached at 571-386-1806 and erickucks@gmail.com.
